SAT Software License Agreement

SAT TEAM (SATT) REPRESENTED BY JAN PARAL

SAT SOFTWARE USE AGREEMENT

In order to register for an account to download a SAT distribution, you must
read the following USE AGREEMENT which includes a FAIR USE POLICY, COPYRIGHT
NOTICE, PUBLICATION POLICY, and USER SUPPORT POLICY. Click the "I Accept"
button when you have read and agreed to the SOFTWARE USE AGREEMENT.

FAIR USE POLICY

The user is not allowed to distribute any source code, documentation, or other
files included in the SAT distribution in any manner. This includes, but is not
limited to, copying or distributing sections of the code, distributing the
entire code, or sharing information about coding details with anyone,
including, but not limited to, colleagues, students, or members of the user's
research group. Users who wish to have students or colleagues use the SAT
should list these individuals on the registration form or have them fill out
their own registration form at http://www.phys.ualberta.ca/~jparal/.

Registration forms are processed at the SAT working group at the University of
Alberta after the application is received. Approved users will receive an email
indicating how to obtain the current public distribution of the SAT. Users will
receive further email containing information about updates and fixes of the
code.

As part of the registration the user must indicate the specific application for
which he or she will use the SAT. Any significant change to this indicated use
requires prior permission of The SAT Team (SATT).

Submission of this registration indicates that the user agrees to report all
bugs in a timely manner. In addition, the user agrees not to discuss features,
bugs, timings, performance or any numerical aspect of the SAT with any other
party without first obtaining express permission of SATT.

The COPYRIGHT NOTICE indicates that users are given limited permission to
modify the source code. Modifications to the SAT is most conveniently done
through the use of "user files" which isolate changes to such things as
boundary conditions and source terms. In addition, certain minor modifications
must typically be made to port the framework to a new platform. Users are
granted permission to make the necessary changes to port the code to a new
platform. Users making code modifications are strongly encouraged to contact
SATT to ensure proper implementation of changes.


ACKNOWLEDGMENT

I acknowledge that I have read and accept the conditions stated above.


PRINT NAME:__________________________________________________________


SIGNATURE:___________________________________________________________


CONTACT INFORMATION

Questions regarding the SAT, correspondence related to publications, or other
related questions can be addressed to:

Jan Paral
11322 - 89 AVENUE
University of Alberta
EDMONTON, ALBERTA
T6G 2G7, CANADA

email: jparal@ualberta.ca
