COPYRIGHT NOTICE

COPYRIGHT (C) 2005-2009
THE REGENTS OF THE SAT TEAM
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

PERMISSION IS GRANTED TO A SINGLE USER TO USE THIS SOFTWARE FOR NONCOMMERCIAL
EDUCATION AND RESEARCH PURPOSES. THE USER IS GIVEN PERMISSION TO INSTALL AND
RUN THE SOFTWARE ON MULTIPLE PLATFORMS. NO PERMISSION IS GIVEN TO COPY OR
REDISTRIBUTE THIS SOFTWARE IN ANY FORM INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYING
SECTIONS OF THE SOURCE CODE OR DOCUMENTATION AND DISTRIBUTING THE CODE TO OTHER
USERS.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATION AS TO ITS FITNESS FOR
ANY PURPOSE, AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN OR IS HEREAFTER
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

PUBLICATION POLICY

Users of the SAT are required to adhere to the publication policy outlined in
this section of the USE AGREEMENT. The publication policy involves four
separate sections: 1) limitations on publication topics, 2) submitted
publications, 3) submitted abstracts and conference presentations, and 4)
acknowledgments.

In all cases of the presentation of results derived from the SAT, the user must
acknowledge the SAT Team and its creators as outlined below.

LIMITATIONS ON PUBLICATION TOPICS

The SAT Team is the sole unit that may use the SAT to publish works pertaining
to numerical methods, algorithms and parallel performance. Users may not use
the SAT to do similar research without prior permission of CSEM. Users are
granted permission to use the SAT to pursue the topics listed in the
registration form only. Any significant change to this indicated use requires
prior permission of The SAT Team.

PUBLICATIONS

The SAT has been developed by a large team of scientists. In order to
acknowledge their work, we ask that the first paper using SAT results submitted
by a user include one or more of the authors of the SAT as a co-author. Within
SAT Team, a publication author agreement exists which determines what subset of
developers should be listed as co-authors depending on the topic of the
paper. We ask that users contact SAT TEam upon preparation of their first paper
in order to determine which SAT developers should participate in preparation of
the paper and should be listed as co-authors.

Subsequent publications should include as co-authors those scientists who
participate in the submitted research in a significant way either through
providing help with the use of the SAT or through scientific
collaboration. Because a thorough understanding of the numerical algorithms
used in the SAT is generally required when interpreting simulation results, we
highly encourage code users to speak with scientists of SAT Team before
publication.

In all papers submitted for publication, we require the authors to acknowledge
the SAT Team and the developers of the SAT as outlined below in the
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS section.

In order to keep a comprehensive record of the applications for which the SAT
is used, we ask authors to send a copy of all submitted abstracts. In addition,
we ask that authors send a pre-print of articles being submitted for
publication and re-prints of all accepted and published papers to SAT Team.

ABSTRACTS AND CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS

In conference presentations, scientists at SAT Team should be included as
co-authors when they have contributed to the presented research in a
significant way either through providing help with the use of the SAT or
through scientific collaboration. In all cases, we require authors to
acknowledge the Center for Space Environment Modeling at the University of
Michigan and the developers of the SAT as outlined below in the ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
section.

In order to keep a comprehensive record of the applications for which the SAT
is used, we ask authors to submit to SAT Team a copy of all abstracts submitted
to conferences.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

In all papers submitted for publication and conference presentations, we
require the authors to acknowledge the developers of the SAT.

In published papers, authors should use the following acknowledgment:
Simulation results were obtained using the Simulate and Analyse Tookit (SAT),
developed by the SAT Team represented by Jan Paral, at the University of
Alberta with funding support from CSA.

In conference presentations, author should acknowledge the "developers of the
Simulate and Analyse Tookit (SAT)."

USER SUPPORT POLICY

As outlined in the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, this SAT distribution is provided as is,
without representation as to its fitness for an purpose and without warranty of
any kind.

Although we cannot guarantee user support, questions can be sent to SAT
Support. Bug reports can be submitted to the SAT Bug Tracking System. Please
include the following information with any submitted bug report: version
number, a copy of the PARAM.sin file, description of machine on which the code
was run (#PEs, memory), a copy of the SAT output, and any error messages
generated by the system.
